[labs/ssr] fix server templates dropping top level `td` elements (#4519)
lit/lit: .changeset/tough-crews-cover.md

---
'@lit-labs/ssr': patch
---

> Fix a bug where a top level 'td' tag would be removed from a server template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug where server templates with attribute bindings on certain element tags like `<td>` would throw an error during server render.
```

Author: Should the fact that it's a top-level tag be mentioned?

```suggestion
Fix a bug where server templates with attribute bindings on certain top-level element tags like `<td>` would throw an error during server render.
```

Reviewer: Oh yes! I somehow dropped the top-level part as i was rewording. The placement makes it a bit ambiguous though. How do you like
```suggestion
Fix a bug where server templates with attribute bindings on certain element tags like `<td>` used top-level would throw an error during server render.
```

Author: Love it!
